hey what's up guys
today I'll show you a thriller film: "Wrong Turn, the Foundation"
spoiler ahead, watch out and take care
Jen and her boyfriend, Darius, decide to go hiking theAppalachian Trail in Virginia
together with two couples, Adam and his girlfriend, Luis and his boyfriend
on the way to the destination, they had a flat tire, so they pull over to change it
someone seems to watch them in the woods nearby when they park at the roadside
after changing the tire, they continue their journey to Virginia
they stop at a hotel for the night in a tranquil town near the mountain
an old lady at the reception hears about their hiking plan
she warns them not to venture off the marked trail in case of danger
but Jen and her friends are unwilling to take her words seriously
after settling their luggage, they go to a bar to relax a bit
Adam attracts the attention of an old man in the bar because of his big mouth
the old man discovers they aren't local residents
and warns them to be careful when they go hiking
as the old man is going to leave, Adam's words with sarcasm provoke his anger
luckily, Jen helps Adam out of trouble with her brilliant ad-lib
when they go out from the bar to get their car
they see a furtive shadow of a man hovering by the car
Adam thinks that must be the old man in the bar
so he throws the wine bottle in his hand to chase the man away
the figure however, disappears instantly
the next morning, Jen goes out jogging in the street
she briefly meets a strange woman peddler selling handicrafts and a poorly dressed girl
after exercising, Jen gets back to the hotel and starts the hike with her friends
the young are so excited to get rid of the city life
and follow the route to explore the wild nature
Darius suddenly proposes to adventure a fortress out of the trail
Jen opposes at first as she thinks of what the old lady said at the hotel
but she doesn't want to disappoint her boyfriend, so she agrees to go eventually
the group leaves their original route to venture into the woods
however, they come across a lot of trouble along their way
Adam's girlfriend even nearly falls off a cliff
they wander for several hours but still can't find the fortress
as they are going to give up, a huge tree trunk suddenly rolls down the hill
giving no time for them to hide
Luis's boyfriend is crushed and killed by the trunk and everyone else gets hurt
binding up the wound, the remaining friends have to mark the way
and get back to find the trail
however, they lose their mobile signal in the deep forest
and the sky is getting gloomy
lost and distressed, they set up a camp for the night
at night, Jen wakes up to see a shadow outside their tent
but she takes it as her illusion as she's too tired and falls into sleep soon
after a stormy night, the next morning
the group discovers that Adam's girlfriend is missing
and their mobile phones are gone as well
Adam finds out they were actually camping in a cemetery last night
they search around and notice a plaque dated 1859
that is used to commemorate the creation of settlers named "the Foundation"
Adam worries about his girlfriend and nervously searches for her around
the others follow to help look for her
while looking around, Adam and Jen see the poorly dressed girl in the forest
curious about how a little girl shows up in such a pathless place
Adam hurries to run after her but is accidentally caught by an iron chain on his foot
suddenly he is pulled into a cave, where a snake coils itself at the entrance
the other three friends dare not enter the cave
so they decide to mark the cave and go down the mountain for help
on the way down the hill, they find a cabin
in which they discover plenty of backpacks and mobile phones
they also find an ax and a sawing machine
which makes them feel a sense of fear and foreboding
shortly after, the group finds Adam restrained
and being carried by two men wearing animal skulls
they rush to stop the two men and try to let them set Adam free
the men can't understand their language
Adam takes the opportunity to sneak and kill one of the men in the elk skull
while the other runs away
moments later, Adam's girlfriend appears
she reveals that she was hiding from the men in skulls
as she encountered them last night
the group are frightened and attempt to leave soon
on their way back, they come across more traps and get attacked
they soon find themselves surrounded by more mask-wearing men
while following Adam, his girlfriend falls into a pit
and gets impaled on sharpened tree branches
though she begs for help in despair, Adam abandons her and runs for his life
before she is killed by an arrow shot by a coming masked man
being completely surrounded
the remaining members, Jen, Adam, Darius, and Luis, are all captured
Jen wakes up to find herself trapped in a dark burrow
she is surprised to see the woman peddler she met in town
the woman peddler stops her from shouting for help and gives her food and water
she then lets her out of the burrow to meet the friends
who are all being controlled and tied up
the friends are taken to a primitive settlement called the Foundation deep in the forest
where people maintain an old lifestyle of more than 100 years ago
Jen notices that the poorly dressed girl also lives here
later, they are taken to the tribal court
Adam is charged with murder for he killed the man wearing the elk skull
it turns that the villagers set the traps to hunt animals, but Adam accidentally fell in
they were planning to take Adam down the hill, but one of them unexpectedly got killed
then, Adam is found guilty and sentenced to death
while Jen, Darius, and Luis are guilty of lying and sent to "darkness"
Adam is then bludgeoned to death by the leader in front of his friends
Luis is frightened and tries to flee
but he is caught soon with his eyes blinded by a hot knife
next, it is Jen and Darius's turn to be punished
at the urge moment, Jen comes up with an idea
she begs the leader for his mercy
claiming that the strong Darius can help with building houses for the Foundation
while she can be the leader's wife to carry on the family line
the leader agrees and welcomes them into the community
in this way, Jen and Darius survive in the Foundation
several weeks later, Jen's father is worried about her
because he has lost contact with Jen since her last call about a month ago
he goes to the police station for help
however, the police can do nothing but let him fill in a missing person report
Jen's father decides to find his daughter on his own
he arrives in the town to search for her
he comes to the bar and meets the old man
who previously had a conflict with the young folks
the old man says the group of friends may have been in danger
even so, Jen's father insists he won't give up finding his daughter
he then meets the old lady at the hotel reception
the kind old lady tells him the story of the Foundation
it was formed by several families who were afraid of the breakdown of America in 1859
they have hidden in the deep wood up the hill and lived a primitive life since then
for years the Foundation live in isolation from the people in town
to survive, they kidnap and kill intruders to take away their belongings
lots of mountain climbers haven't returned after encountering them
people in town don't want to break their peaceful life
they threaten Jen's father to stop his plan of going up the hill for his daughter
but nothing will make him change his mind
he pays a local tracker, together with an experienced hunter
to take him through the forest
thanks to their helpful experience and expertise
the group successfully escape several traps at first
however, before they could claim their victory
the hunter triggers a trap and falls into a pit
causing him and the coming-for-rescue tracker to be killed by the following traps
Jen's father survives the deadly trap, but he has to continue the adventure by himself
he follows the map left by the tracker and finds the settlement at night
he plans to get close quietly but is found by two men in skulls
much to his surprise, one of them happens to be Darius
later, Jen's father is taken into the village and soon surrounded by the crowd
he shoots to warn the surrounding cultists
but he is suddenly injured by an arrow
surprisingly, it was actually Jen who shot him
seemingly brainwashed, the daughter leaves her father behind as if she doesn't know him
the leader of the Foundation sentences the father to "darkness" for trespassing
he's then sent to prison
that night, Jen sneaks away to releases her father
revealing that she shot him so as not to raise their suspicion
and she endures the humiliation only to wait for a chance to escape
now it is time to run since her father is here
while Jen and her father flee, she encounters Darius
who refuses to leave with them as he has been totally brainwashed
on their way, Jen discovers the blind and disheveled Luis
she then shoots him in the head to help end his miserable life
Jen and her father flee to kill multiple Foundation members who are hunting them
they get injured when fighting with the cultists and are about to get caught again
right then, the old man in the bar shows up to offer help and rescue them
the old man's nephew was caught and killed by the Foundation six years ago
he had a good impression of Jen when they first met
and was deeply moved by her father's determination to save his daughter
with the help of the old man, Jen, and her father manage to escape
the leader of the Foundation looks on behind the trees as they drive away
back to their world, Jen and her father have returned to their normal lives
one day, while arriving home
Jen is astonished to find the Foundation leader and the poorly dressed girl inside
they are well dressed and pretend to be a new neighbor just moving in
they are warmly welcomed by Jen's family, who doesn't recognize them
the leader notices that Jen is several months pregnant with his child
so he asks Jen to return with him to the Foundation
to protect her family, Jen reluctantly agrees to go
in exchange, he shall never interfere with her family again
later, Jen follows them to get on arecreational vehicle and leave
but it doesn't take long for the vehicle to swerves out of control
and crash into a parked car
Jen gets off the vehicle and stabs the leader to death with a knife
for she realizes that she can't be free again unless the leader is dead
in the end, she holds the poorly dressed girl's hand
and takes her back towards her house
this's Daniel CC movie channel, peace out